 Unit one
1.what makes a good teacher?/the qualities a teacher should have/

soft teacher/tough teacher
2.why tough teacher get good results?

Unit two
1.Mozart effect
2.what kind music do you like?
3.music and language
4.let your kid learn any musical instrument

Unit three
1.Chinglish can be a commmon language or not?（可不可以）
2.chinese festival Vs western festival（年轻人过洋节，肯定/否定）
3.protection of chinese language（汉语里面的大量网络用语，要规范/不要规范）
4.Do you think language can be regarded as "good" or "bad"? （1.适者生存，被淘汰的就是不好的 2.达到沟通的效果即可，无所谓好坏）
5.with the widespread use of English,how does the author think that globalization is shaping the future of languages?(pasage 2 reading comprehension NO.2)

Unit four

1.what kind of movies do you like most?
2.Chinese movie vs western movies(相同/不同    不同包括价值观念、特效)
3.why disney movies are popular?(好/不好 好包括 揭示人性，内容深刻，画面唯美，充满童趣，孩子喜欢  不好包括 性别歧视，种族歧视)
4.为什么男女老少喜欢去迪士尼？（同 which Disney characters impress you?）

Unit five
1.Online shopping/online learning will replace shopping in stores/class teaching?
 
2.Internet effect(好的  坏的   坏的包括在网友面前more social，在现实中less social 和低头族(phubbing people)

3.filter bubble

4.serendipity is conined to describe the subtle blend of chance and agency,How do you understand the implications of "seredipity",use examples to illustrate your point?

5. what are the potential risks or dangers we may face suffering the Internet according to thsi passage?

Unit six
1.E-dictionary vs paper dictionary

easy to carry with you./lighter
more effecient/internet/save time 
pronunciation
links
updated quickly
cover new words/buzz words


some people like reading paper dictionaries
more authoratative in english paraphrasing
quality of printed paper
dictionaries for technical terms

2.Will paper dictionary disappear?
3.Why does a good dictionary have to take special care over the common words?
What I didn't realize was that it's often possible to guess the meaning of rare woeds from their contexts and that they have in any case little impact on the overall intelligibility of what one is reading(and they will almost always occur in writing)

词典里有什么?
1. meaning
2. pronunciation
3. example sentences
4. usage of the word
5. parts of speech
6. collations
7. synonyms /antonyms
8. roots
9. links 



four classical dictionaries
1. oxford advanced learners dictionary
2. longman dictionary of comtemperary english
3. cambridge international dictionary of english
4. collins cobuild english dictionary




